After a long career as business consultant, I decided to make a right angle turn and join de fascinating world of the youngest members of our society. I’m an engineer but hardly ever contributed directly to the destruction of our world. This is what seems to be happening isn’t it. No matter how hard we try improving technology, we always end up worsening the situation. Electric cars are false solution because electricity is still mainly generated from fuel and if not, the windmills cause at least considerable destruction to the landscape, wildlife and the remain people who have the guts and the skills to live outside the border industrialized areas where noise, light, air pollution etc. remain causing sickness and cancer. So, I was an engineer. And now? What am I know? I’m a student again at 52 years going back to school but not to get Harvard business degree or similar qualification to be able to continue my career helping the biggest organizations produce even better KPI and greener lies; because that is what is happening. We fool ourselves with false reports, unachievable agendas, smiling politicians. Do you really think Hydrogen will solve our energy issues? Hydrogen projects are as old as I am. The price per KWh was more than the double of carbon KWh so the project stuck at its very first stage. As far as I know the ITER project is also abandoned, and Carbon is again in the lift (our course). No, we haven’t got the guts to ally with our planet. We might need to accept shorter lifespan and who’s ready to live as Greek did 2500 year ago? I do not mean to live without technology but in the same space/time as Aristotle lived. History took that away from us and it’ the first resource we need to win back again should we want to get out of the hell one day (although hell ain't a bad place to be). So yes, I am an engineer, and the hardest engineering job is the construction of society and that is exactly what I am about to do as from now. "It takes a village to raise a child" is an African proverb. Let’s engineer that village!

My fans https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Attenborough
